log.md, before:

# 100 Days Of Code - Log

### Day 1: June 21, 2017, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**: Learned about git/github and how to push/pull/branch/merge/clone/commit/and how to properly comment.  One of my first experiences actively using version control even though I had been introduced to it a while ago.
**Thoughts** Still trying to understand how often I should commit my content.  Unsure if I should create branches of my own code for learning exercises or just commit to my master branch.  Seems reasonable to develop good habits early.

### Day 2: June 22, 2017, Thursday

**Today's Progress**: Even though I'm writing this at 11:26pm, I woke up at 5:30am, bright eyed and bushy tailed to begin learning before a long work day.  Spent the am coding jQuery and working on my CSS.  Did some FreeCodeCamp tutorials and exercises.  Still breezing through, need to work on my JavaScript.  I also want to check out the Net Ninja's tutorials on what seems to be the MEAN stack.  Also want to get through some of the Bootstrap stuff.  Even though it's straight forward I should be using it more.

**Links**

1. [The Net Ninja](https://www.thenetninja.co.uk)

### Day 3: June 23, 2017, Friday

**Today's Progress**: Went through FreeCodeCamp's first two projects.  "Build a Tribute Page" and "Build a Personal Portfolio Webpage".  Started onto the Basic Javascript tutorials.  Tomorrow I'll be volunteering at a Bike Rodeo, and then at a multicultural festival.  Shift looks to be 12:30pm to 20:00.  I'll wake up early to get some coding time in before I head off to "work".  Also properlyl configured my laptop to have my git user credentials.

**Links**

1. [Build a Tribute Page](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/pen/EXvOLz)
2. [Build a Personal Portfolio Webpage](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/pen/JJyeej)

### Day 4: June 24, 2017, Saturday

**Today's Progress**: Went through FreeCodeCamp's exercises, up to [193] in terms of exercise progress.  Getting ready to go to Bike Rodeo + Multicultural Festival.  Should be home around 21:00, I'll commit in my brain to code again before 24:00.  Began first twitch stream for my coding journey.  Continued on after 20:30, finished up at [216] challenges completed.  Will resume tomorrow!

**Links**

1. [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/fullstopcoding)

### Day 5: June 25, 2017, Sunday

**Today's Progress**: Went through FreeCodeCamp's exercises, up to [230].  Heading out for volunteering from 9:30 to 11:30.  Home for lunch and then more coding later.  Picked up coding again at 12:42 and continued until 19:56.  Completed up to exercise [249].  I'll begin again tomorrow in the AM for a full day of coding!  On vacation this coming week.

**Links**

1. [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)

### Day 6: June 25, 2017, Monday->Tuesday

**Today's Progress**: Went through FreeCodeCamp's exercises, up to [263].  Started coding at 07:00.  Took lunch around 14:00.  Ended up streaming until 00:37 on Tuesday.

Total stream uptime of 17~ish hours.  Completed the Random Quote Generator exercise on FCC.  Spent far too much time fighting CodePen trying to figure out why it refused to send my GET requests back on my API calls.  Watched a fantastic video by Stephen Mayeux called "What the heck are APIs, JSON, and AJAX?" that really explained GET requests a lot better, and how to properly structure an ajax request.

I also learned it's important to place https://crossorigin.me/ on the front of my requests for CodePen so they resolve correctly.  I plan on waking up early tomorrow and completing the "Show the Local Weather" challenge.

**Links**

1. [Free Code Camp - Random Quote Generator](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/full/MoENyZ/)
2. [Stephen Mayeux's Website](http://stephenmayeux.com/)
3. [What the heck are APIs, JSON, and AJAX?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Le5L7tdzZd8)

### Day 7: June 26, 2017, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**: Began streaming at 07:30.  Working on "Show the Local Weather" project.  Just have to finish the images and clean up the code a bit.  Finished the "Show the Local Weather" project at 10:43 with assistance from my stream (thanks CodingHobby) fixing my somewhat broken JSONP request (case sensitivity matters), as well as apparently you can have too many semicolons when passing them in as variables to a CSS property (don't need 'em! Who knew!).  Took a short break and now going to start coding the Wikipedia viewer!

Finished coding the Wikipedia viewer at around 18:30.  Had dinner, took the wife for ice cream, and now I'm back to coding again until I'm too exhausted to code anymore!

Final update for the day.  Started coding my "Use the TwitchTV JSON API" project.  I got most of the design work done today.  All is left to do is go through tomorrow and update the JavaScript functionality.  Easy task I suppose, but I'm finding with each project I'm completing from start to finish my code is getting a lot cleaner.

There is a big temptation to go back and "fix" my old projects to change them from what they were into what I think they currently should be.  I think maybe at the end I may go through and visit each project with a "2.0" version of it, but still keep the 1.0 for historical reference.  Managed to get a total of 13:30 hours in total stream time today.  Not as much as the 17 hour shift yesterday, but going to bed at 02:00 and waking up at 07:00 to start coding again was maybe a misstep, but I was up...so what else to do but code.

Full night of sleep and hit the stream tomorrow with some more "questionable quality" coding until I get better.  Almost forgot...finished up to exercise [266] of FreeCodeCamp!

**Update** to yesterday's comments regarding https://crossorigin.me/.  It was me.  My ajax request had datatype, and not dataType.  case matters!

**Links**

1. [Free Code Camp - Show the Local Weather](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/full/BZmNea/)
2. [Free Code Camp - Build a Wikipedia Viewer](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/full/LLOmzp/)
3. [Free Code Camp - Use the TwitchTV JSON API](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/pen/ZyaNpY/)

### Day 8: June 27, 2017, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:

Today's start is at 08:19.  Going to finish off the TwitchTV JSON API project and move onto the further JavaScript challenges.  Completed the "Use the TwitchTV JSON API" project at 16:07.  Moving onto "Intermediate Algorithm Scripting" exercises.
Benefits of streaming include having users who are able to explain .filter() so even I can understand it.  Shoutout to Junicus for the assist.  Completed up to exercise [269] on FreeCodeCamp.  Wanted to get through the "Intermediate Algorithm Scripting"...lofty goals.  Back at it tomorrow in the early hours.  Streamed for 11:13 today!

Note: Need to learn about the A part of AJAX and how to handle responses and store information on the success of a GET request into an array.

**Links**

1. [Free Code Camp - Use the TwitchTV JSON API](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/full/ZyaNpY/)

Commit message:

Transitioned to beta of FCC, completed up to [173]

log.md, after:

# 100 Days Of Code - Log

### Day 1: June 21, 2017, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**: Learned about git/github and how to push/pull/branch/merge/clone/commit/and how to properly comment.  One of my first experiences actively using version control even though I had been introduced to it a while ago.
**Thoughts** Still trying to understand how often I should commit my content.  Unsure if I should create branches of my own code for learning exercises or just commit to my master branch.  Seems reasonable to develop good habits early.

### Day 2: June 22, 2017, Thursday

**Today's Progress**: Even though I'm writing this at 11:26pm, I woke up at 5:30am, bright eyed and bushy tailed to begin learning before a long work day.  Spent the am coding jQuery and working on my CSS.  Did some FreeCodeCamp tutorials and exercises.  Still breezing through, need to work on my JavaScript.  I also want to check out the Net Ninja's tutorials on what seems to be the MEAN stack.  Also want to get through some of the Bootstrap stuff.  Even though it's straight forward I should be using it more.

**Links**

1. [The Net Ninja](https://www.thenetninja.co.uk)

### Day 3: June 23, 2017, Friday

**Today's Progress**: Went through FreeCodeCamp's first two projects.  "Build a Tribute Page" and "Build a Personal Portfolio Webpage".  Started onto the Basic Javascript tutorials.  Tomorrow I'll be volunteering at a Bike Rodeo, and then at a multicultural festival.  Shift looks to be 12:30pm to 20:00.  I'll wake up early to get some coding time in before I head off to "work".  Also properlyl configured my laptop to have my git user credentials.

**Links**

1. [Build a Tribute Page](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/pen/EXvOLz)
2. [Build a Personal Portfolio Webpage](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/pen/JJyeej)

### Day 4: June 24, 2017, Saturday

**Today's Progress**: Went through FreeCodeCamp's exercises, up to [193] in terms of exercise progress.  Getting ready to go to Bike Rodeo + Multicultural Festival.  Should be home around 21:00, I'll commit in my brain to code again before 24:00.  Began first twitch stream for my coding journey.  Continued on after 20:30, finished up at [216] challenges completed.  Will resume tomorrow!

**Links**

1. [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/fullstopcoding)

### Day 5: June 25, 2017, Sunday

**Today's Progress**: Went through FreeCodeCamp's exercises, up to [230].  Heading out for volunteering from 9:30 to 11:30.  Home for lunch and then more coding later.  Picked up coding again at 12:42 and continued until 19:56.  Completed up to exercise [249].  I'll begin again tomorrow in the AM for a full day of coding!  On vacation this coming week.

**Links**

1. [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)

### Day 6: June 26, 2017, Monday->Tuesday

**Today's Progress**: Went through FreeCodeCamp's exercises, up to [263].  Started coding at 07:00.  Took lunch around 14:00.  Ended up streaming until 00:37 on Tuesday.

Total stream uptime of 17~ish hours.  Completed the Random Quote Generator exercise on FCC.  Spent far too much time fighting CodePen trying to figure out why it refused to send my GET requests back on my API calls.  Watched a fantastic video by Stephen Mayeux called "What the heck are APIs, JSON, and AJAX?" that really explained GET requests a lot better, and how to properly structure an ajax request.

I also learned it's important to place https://crossorigin.me/ on the front of my requests for CodePen so they resolve correctly.  I plan on waking up early tomorrow and completing the "Show the Local Weather" challenge.

**Links**

1. [Free Code Camp - Random Quote Generator](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/full/MoENyZ/)
2. [Stephen Mayeux's Website](http://stephenmayeux.com/)
3. [What the heck are APIs, JSON, and AJAX?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Le5L7tdzZd8)

### Day 7: June 27, 2017, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**: Began streaming at 07:30.  Working on "Show the Local Weather" project.  Just have to finish the images and clean up the code a bit.  Finished the "Show the Local Weather" project at 10:43 with assistance from my stream (thanks CodingHobby) fixing my somewhat broken JSONP request (case sensitivity matters), as well as apparently you can have too many semicolons when passing them in as variables to a CSS property (don't need 'em! Who knew!).  Took a short break and now going to start coding the Wikipedia viewer!

Finished coding the Wikipedia viewer at around 18:30.  Had dinner, took the wife for ice cream, and now I'm back to coding again until I'm too exhausted to code anymore!

Final update for the day.  Started coding my "Use the TwitchTV JSON API" project.  I got most of the design work done today.  All is left to do is go through tomorrow and update the JavaScript functionality.  Easy task I suppose, but I'm finding with each project I'm completing from start to finish my code is getting a lot cleaner.

There is a big temptation to go back and "fix" my old projects to change them from what they were into what I think they currently should be.  I think maybe at the end I may go through and visit each project with a "2.0" version of it, but still keep the 1.0 for historical reference.  Managed to get a total of 13:30 hours in total stream time today.  Not as much as the 17 hour shift yesterday, but going to bed at 02:00 and waking up at 07:00 to start coding again was maybe a misstep, but I was up...so what else to do but code.

Full night of sleep and hit the stream tomorrow with some more "questionable quality" coding until I get better.  Almost forgot...finished up to exercise [266] of FreeCodeCamp!

**Update** to yesterday's comments regarding https://crossorigin.me/.  It was me.  My ajax request had datatype, and not dataType.  case matters!

**Links**

1. [Free Code Camp - Show the Local Weather](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/full/BZmNea/)
2. [Free Code Camp - Build a Wikipedia Viewer](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/full/LLOmzp/)
3. [Free Code Camp - Use the TwitchTV JSON API](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/pen/ZyaNpY/)

### Day 8: June 28, 2017, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:

Today's start is at 08:19.  Going to finish off the TwitchTV JSON API project and move onto the further JavaScript challenges.  Completed the "Use the TwitchTV JSON API" project at 16:07.  Moving onto "Intermediate Algorithm Scripting" exercises.
Benefits of streaming include having users who are able to explain .filter() so even I can understand it.  Shoutout to Junicus for the assist.  Completed up to exercise [269] on FreeCodeCamp.  Wanted to get through the "Intermediate Algorithm Scripting"...lofty goals.  Back at it tomorrow in the early hours.  Streamed for 11:13 today!

Note: Need to learn about the A part of AJAX and how to handle responses and store information on the success of a GET request into an array.

**Links**

1. [Free Code Camp - Use the TwitchTV JSON API](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/full/ZyaNpY/)

### Day 9: June 29, 2017, Thursday->Friday

**Today's Progress**:

Today's start is at 09:48.  Little bit later, but still plan a 12h shift.  Goals for today include getting through the "Intermediate Algorithm Scripting" as far as I can and maybe checking out some videos and reading on some of my terrible CSS.  Have to pick up some new design skills along with all this JavaScript.

The goals of attempting to finish the "Intermediate Algorithm Scripting" challenges were a complete failure.  I've decided to transition into the Beta version of Free Code Camp which focus' slightly more on newer technologies.  I've already upped my CSS game and learned quite a bit about Flexbox by spending far too much time on a much newer "Build a Tribute Page" first project you're given.

Things learned:  Some CSS animation, proper HTML5 tag usage(main, article, section, nav, header, footer, etc), accessibility options (tabindex, links, forms, etc).

Completed up to [173] of the new beta curriculum, and going to continue to focus on this path until I can up my JavaScript game.

Managed to get in a total of 16:30 minutes of streaming today.  Long day, and even longer one planned tomorrow.  Tomorrow me has to work on accessibility as well as passing all the test cases for the Tribute page project.

**Links**

1. [Free Code Camp - Beta website](https://beta.freecodecamp.com/en/map)
2. [beta - Web Design Projects: Build a Tribute Page](https://codepen.io/fullstopcoding/pen/pwadXe)
